# The ROS From the Ground Up Multi-license 1.0

## PREAMBLE

Copyright 2022, Brandon Rice. All Rights Reserved.

ROS From the Ground Up is available under a multi-license scheme, where each of
the types of content are licensed separately as outlined in Section 2.

## SECTION 1 - Definitions

   - "Licensor" means the copyright holder, Brandon Rice.
   - "You" (and "your") refers to the licensee, the individual or organization
     exercising the terms and conditions of this license.
   - "ROS From the Ground Up" means the entirety of the brand of Robot Operating
     System (ROS) and ROS2 tutorials created by Brandon Rice, including all
     content, written, audio, and visual, unless otherwise specified.

## SECTION 2 - SCOPE

This section defines the scope and license(s) that apply to each type of ROS
From the Ground Up content.

### A. WRITTEN TUTORIALS

The ROS From the Ground Up Git repository contains written tutorial documents
contained in folders named "docs". These written documents are available in a
variety of file formats, including Markdown, PDF, and HTML. All versions of any
document contained in any "docs" folder are subject to your choice of the
following licenses:

- The Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International
  (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0).
- The Rice Commercial License (RCL) 1.0.

The full text of each license can be found in the main LICENSES folder.

If you take no action regarding licensing, the license that applies by default
is the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0.

### B. ORIGINAL SOURCE CODE AND PROGRAM FILES

The ROS From the Ground Up Git repository contains source code and other files
written by the licensor, Brandon Rice. These files are contained in folders
named "original", and may or may not be contained in any number of additional
sub-folders. All files inside any folder named "original" are subject to your
choice of the following licenses:

- The BSD 3-clause license.
- The Rice Commercial License (RCL) 1.0.

The full text of each license can be found in the main LICENSES folder.

If you take no action regarding licensing, the license that applies by default
is the BSD 3-clause license.

### C. ALL OTHER SOURCE CODE AND PROGRAM FILES

Any file included in the ROS From the Ground Up Git repository not specified in
part A. and B. above have the following licenses applied to them. Source code
and other files not created entirely by the licensor, Brandon Rice, retain their
original licensing. As such, a copy of each original license will be placed
either within the file itself or in a folder named "LICENSES" at the same
directory level as the file.

Files included in the ROS From the Ground Up Git repository that do not meet the
requirements above are subject to the Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal (CC0)
license.

The full text of the CC0 license can be found in the main LICENSES folder.

### D. TUTORIAL VIDEOS

ROS From the Ground Up tutorial videos are hosted on YouTube. These videos are
licensed as-is under the standard YouTube License. Per this license, you may
not reupload any portion of any video without prior written consent from the
licensor, Brandon Rice.

You may only share tutorial videos through the following means:

- Any of YouTube's sharing options (such as a URL link, embedding, sharing to
  social media, etc.).
- In-person with one or more people (electronic re-streaming or recording is
  prohibited).

### E. ALL OTHER CONTENT

The ROS From the Ground Up brand may include other content, including but not
limited to images, videos, and documentation, excluded from the ROS From the
Ground Up Git repository and YouTube videos. These files may be hosted on
websites with prior written permission from the licensor. In all cases, the
licensor retains full copyright unless otherwise agreed to by the licensor,
Brandon Rice.

## SECTION 3 - TERM and LICENSE UPDATES

This ROS From the Ground Up Multi-license version 1.0 shall be effective
immediately (August 30, 2022) and continue indefinitely for the version of all
content originally released under this license.

The licensor holds the right to modify the license applied to future content or
revisions of content originally licensed under the ROS From the Ground Up
Multi-license version 1.0. In the case of revisions, a new version of the
content will be made, and only new additions to the content will have the new
license applied. All unchanged sections of content will continue indefinitely to
be licensed under the originally applied license.

## SECTION 4 - PIRACY

Piracy refers to breaking the licenses as defined above, usually through
illegally copying and/or redistributing content from ROS From the Ground Up.

If you suspect piracy of any content outlined in this document, please report
the website and URL (if online), and a description of the suspected pirated
content to inquiries@retroengineer.com.

## DISCLAIMER

ROS From the Ground Up, including all content, written, audio, and visual,
represents the views and opinions of the licensor, Brandon Rice, and does not
necessarily represent the views or opinions of the licensor's past, present, or
future employers, schools, or organizations. This content is provided AS-IS and
may not be accurate, complete, or functional. The licensor offers no warranties
of any kind concerning the licensed material, and in no event shall be held
liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or
consequential damages.